1. Problem : Sort Character (50 Poin) (NDL010)
Input :
One line of words (S).
Output :
Contains vowel and consonant characters that has been sorted according to the following rules.
● Sort the letters according to the order they came out
● Separate between vowels and consonants.
● Process as lowercase letters (whitespaces

Case 1: Input one line of words (S) : Sample Case

Output:
Vowel Characters :

aaee
Consonant Characters :
ssmplc

Case 2: Input one line of words (S) : Next Case

Output:
Vowel Characters :

eea
Consonant Characters :
nxtcs

2. PSBB ( Pembatasan Sosial Berskala Besar ) (60 Poin) (NDL011)
Galih and Ratna married during the COVID 19 period and only invited the families of both
partners. they rented a number of minibuses to pick up all of their families to go to the wedding.
But during COVID 19, the government held a PSBB program to reduce the impact of the spread
of the virus. Each mini bus can only carry at most 4 passengers.
What a minimum number of buses will they need to rent if all members of each family should
ride in the same Busses. (one bus can't take more than two family)
Input
The first line contains integer n — the number of families.
The second line contains a sequence of integers. The integers are separated by a space, each
integer is the number of members in the family.
Output
Print the single number — the minimum number of buses necessary to drive all family to the
Wedding.
Print “Input must be equal with count of family” if input number of family is not equal with count
of family.

Case 1:
Input the number of families : 5
Input the number of members in the family
(separated by a space) : 1 2 4 3 3

Output: 
Minimum bus required is : 4

Case 2:
Input the number of families : 8
Input the number of members in the family
(separated by a space) : 2 3 4 4 2 1 3 1

Output:
Minimum bus required is : 5

Case 3:
Input the number of families : 5
Input the number of members in the family
(separated by a space) : 1 5

Output:
Input must be equal with count of family